# Response Paper
The integration of augmented reality that creates the three-dimensional visuals brings a more progressive and immersive experience to the viewers and audiences. It’s more engaging than simply reading the text or only having a flat image of the archaeological object. The utilization of advanced technology further allows the viewers to perceive and observe the archaeological object from a contemporary standpoint, while at the same time being able to fully immerse and understand the historical and cultural background. In the example of the Met museum in New York, the curators explain that this phenomenon (of tracing archaeological past through modern tools) creates a third hybrid space between the past and presence, history and modern. 

# Critique of Digital Tools: Ancient Inscriptions from Israel / Palestine
## permanence and sustainability: A
It’s quite sustainable, the latest update was in July 2023. 
## openness or restriction of their data: A
Most of their inscription searches are open, as well as their bibliography and research sites. 
## functionality of their interface and interaction with their data: A
I really like the aesthetics and composition of their website, they also incorporate other online sources like youtube, twitter, and instagram. 
## connectivity across resources (under the principles of Linked Open Data): B
Mostly it’s generated by Brown university faculty members, with only a few connections with other university members but not collaborations. 

# Critique of Digital Tools: The Oxyrhynchus Papyri
## permanence and sustainability: A
The latest publication was in August 2023, but it costs 76 pounds to get access to the data (not sure university affiliation will grant some access)
## openness or restriction of their data: B
As mentioned above, you need to pay for the resources and publishings, or need to be affiliated to certain academic institution to get access 
## functionality of their interface and interaction with their data: A
It leads to Oxford’s own classics department and their connections for sure. 
## connectivity across resources (under the principles of Linked Open Data): B
Most of their research is Oxford and London based (not even Cambridge lol), pretty restricted by its location wise. 
